Pre-Work
    p1. Create a grants_ai table that has structured json with extracted data about each grant in a standard format
    p2. grants_ai should also have an embedding_document field and embedding field. embedding_document will show what was embedded

1. Create an embedding vector for all grants in the data base
    - Need to put grants into a standard format (we already have the normalized data set)
    - Could be good to put AI generated projects or outcomes in the format?

2. Adjust ingestion job to embed new grants as well

3. Create embedding function to embed user queries

4. Create function to return search results by comparing user query embedding to stored grant embeddings

5. Create an embedding score and string search based score
    - probably use the tribal relevancy/freshness scores as well


~~~ Evaluating Search Function ~~~
I. Compare first 5 to second 5 and first 10 to second 10
    * At first just do this manually...
    * Something we can definitely use AI for at some point

--- Potential Future Improvements ---- 
A. Have seperate embedding for desired outcomes - would enable users to search for grants that meet a desired outcome
B. Funding Amount Filters
C. Maybe show like a "top 150 grants"? with the option to view all grants?
D. Improved prompting (break into seperate prompts? or be more descriptive about what I need)
E. A better model?


Plan to implement:
1. Create required python functions and SQL scripts
    a. Function to extract required information from the grants.gov api response
    b. Function to save the extracted information to the DB and create the embedding document
    c. A function to create the required table in the DB (grants_ai)
    d. A function to perform the embeddings
    e. A new script/function to create a row in grants_ai table and embedding for all previously ingested grants
        - This script should also initialize the grants_ai table
    f. A function to embedd user queries upon receipt from frontend and compare to the grant embeddings, return most similar grants
    g. Adjust function of previous daily ingestion to create embedding document for new grants (and update the embedding document for altered grants)

2. Run backlog ingestion